Copyright 2013 Tim Miller

LICENSE
See file LICENSE for details, but this software is licensed under GPLv3.
For convenience purposes I have included in the distribution
a library called javabib for parsing bibtex files which was originally 
licensed under GPLv2 and written by Johannes Henkel.  Thanks Johannes for 
saving me a lot of time and effort.

STATUS
This program is still under development, but it is currently in use by the author.
The repository is formatted as an eclipse/maven project, and the current best way
to obtain the program is to build and package as a runnable jar within eclipse (working on it).

PURPOSE
This program is designed and written to solve the problem of tracking all
the scientific papers I've downloaded/read/toread'd, and combining those
different states into a single interface.   Rather than having downloads 
in my Downloads folder (with obscure names assigned by citeseer or sciencedirect
or whatever), cited files in .bib file (with no user metadata), and having
separate pdfs on every machine, they should be tracked like iTunes tracks songs,
with some improvements specific to scientific papers.

NEW FEATURES
* Incremental filtering by author/title (by tag coming soon)
* Import bib snippets from e.g., google scholar

What separates this program from others with similar goals:
 * Allows for tagging and summarization of papers.
 * Intended to use Dropbox folder for storing pdfs across machines
 * Intended to open PDFs from interface (instead of searching with spotlight,
which is surprisingly bad at locating pdfs based on content)
 * Uses xml library file to track refs (also sync'd with Dropbox)
 * Tight integration with bibtex (import/export as well as load snippets from google scholar)


HELPING
If anyone is interested in contributing to this project, I would be thrilled.
The best way to help would be simply to try out the program and report any issues. If you
are able to solve issues or implement new features that would be appreciated too.

